Machine ID: v16 upgrade guide (#41463)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/machine-id/reference/v16-upgrade-guide.mdx

If you are using the default generated `ssh_config`, then no explicit action
on your behalf should be necessary. From 16.0, the new command will be
automatically used.

We do recommend that you perform a test-run when updating to ensure that
everything is working as expected. You can revert to the old behaviour by
setting the `TBOT_SSH_CONFIG_PROXY_COMMAND_MODE` environment variable to
`legacy` in the environment in which you are running `tbot`:

```code
$ export TBOT_SSH_CONFIG_PROXY_COMMAND_MODE=legacy
$ tbot start -c config.yaml
```

#### Using a modified `ssh_config`

If you have modified the `ssh_config` and therefore do not use the default
`ssh_config` generated by `tbot`, then you will need to manually update the
file. You must do this before 17.0, but we recommend doing this in 16.0 to
benefit from the performance improvements.

To update your modified `ssh_config`, we recommend running an instance of `tbot`
as you would usually configure it. This will generate a new `ssh_config`.
Carefully inspect the `ProxyCommand` directive, and copy the new command to
your modified `ssh_config`.

You can find a full list of the parameters available for the

> `tbot ssh-proxy-command` on the [CLI reference page](/TODO).

Reviewer: Will you address this todo later?

Author: [ffec06c](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/41463/commits/ffec06c1adc2540847dfd9953b471f29f29eb18c)

---
title: Machine ID v16 Upgrade Guide
description: Upgrade instructions for Machine ID in Teleport 16.0
---

> Teleport 16.0 introduces a number of changes to Machine ID, some of which
> may require action on your part.
> 
> You may need to take action if:
> 
> - You use Machine ID with OpenSSH or OpenSSH based clients (e.g. Ansible).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Teleport 16.0 introduces a number of changes to Machine ID. These changes may require action on your part if you use Machine ID with OpenSSH or OpenSSH-based clients (e.g. Ansible).

This guide explains how to migrate your Teleport 16.0 cluster for continued Machine ID support.
```

Suggested to condense the existing paragraphs and add a quick description of the scope of the guide.
